[ML] add zero_shot_classification task for BERT nlp models (#77799)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc

used to train the model, which defaults to `<dependent_variable>_prediction`.
end::inference-config-results-field-processor[]

tag::inference-config-zero-shot-classification[]
Configures a zero-shot classification task. Zero-shot classification allows for
text classification to occur without pre-determined labels. At inference time,
it is possible to adjust the labels to classify. This makes this type of model
and task exceptionally flexible.

> If consistently classifying the same labels, it may be better to use an optimized

Reviewer: If you accept this suggestion, please also change the indefinite article to `a` from `an`.

> If consistently classifying the same labels, it may be better to use an optimized

Author: ```suggestion
If consistently classifying the same labels, it may be better to use a fine turned
```

text classification model.
end::inference-config-zero-shot-classification[]

tag::inference-config-zero-shot-classification-classification-labels[]
The classification labels used during the zero-shot classification. Classification
labels must not be empty or null and only set at model creation. They must be all three
of ["entailment", "neutral", "contradiction"].

> NOTE: this is NOT the same as `labels` which are the values that zero-shot is attempting to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: This is NOT the same as `labels` which are the values that zero-shot is attempting to
```

      classify.
end::inference-config-zero-shot-classification-classification-labels[]

tag::inference-config-zero-shot-classification-hypothsis-template[]
This is the template used when tokenizing the sequences for classification.

The labels replace the `{}` value in the text. The default value is:

> `This This example is {}.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`This example is {}.`
```
